Documentation updates for KEP 2837 beta phase (#51494)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers.md

Reviewer: Make sure to reword

> This feature is currently in alpha and with the feature enabled…

{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="PodLevelResources" >}}

> Starting in Kubernetes 1.34, you can also specify resource requests and limits at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provided your cluster has the `PodLevelResources`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) enabled,
you can specify resource requests and limits at
```
